IDE setup 
My Debugger is utin the ST-LINK (OpenOCD) Debug Probe. 
Under the startup tap in the debug configurations, I have input the initialization commands 

	monitor arm semihosting enable

as was practiced in ECEN 2370.

I am also using the "rdimon" library for the MCU GCC Linker and have have used the flag 

	-specs=rdimon.specs

under the miscellaneous tab for the linker. 


Test 1:

When the board is reset, neither of the LEDs are lit. This is consistent for the functionality in both part I and part II,
and is to be expected since neither criteria for LED activation condition are met. 

Test 2:

When the button is pressed, both LEDs light up. This is true for both parts. Since the green LED lights up if the board
is rotating counter-clockwise *or* if the button is pressed, it is expected to be on for this test. The red LED should light
up if both the button is pressed and the board is rotating clockwise. Since zero rotation has been counted as a clockwise
rotation for this lab, the red LED should also light up. When the button is released, both LED's turn off. This is
expected because the conditions for LED activation should not be met. 

Test 3:

For both parts I and II, pressing the button and rotating clockwise lights both LEDs. The necessary criteria for the green
led to light up, ie button press, are true so it lights up. The necessary criteria for the red led to light up, ie button
press *and* clockwise rotation is true so the red led lights up. When the button is released, these criteria are not met
and neither led lights up. 

Test 4:

For both tests, rotating the button counter-clockwise only lights the green LED. Since the board needs to be rotating
clockwise for the red LED to be lit, it stays off. The green LED turns on if the board is rotating counter clockwise *or*
if the button is pressed, thus, it remains on for both the pressing and releasing of the button. 

Test 5:

The Board was tested by rotating the LED clockwise and not pressing the user button. Both LEDs
stayed off which was expected since the green LED only turns on if the board is rotating counter
clockwise or if the button is pressed and the red led must have the button pressed and clockwise rotation to be on. The button was then pressed while the board was rotating and it
was observed that both LEDs turned on. This is because the criteria for their activation
was met: the board was rotating clockwise and the button was pressed.

Test 6:

The board was rotated counter-clockwise and the button was left unpressed. Only the green LED turned on. This was expected because the green LED only needs the board to be rotating in this direction to activate. The red led, on the other hand, requires clockwise rotation to activate. The button was then pressed while the board was still rotating. The green LED stayed on and the red LED remained off since the board was still rotating counter-clockwise. 



